feat: clarify deletion of controller resources (#274)
GameFabric/docs: src/multiplayer-servers/api/examples.md

```bash
curl -X 'DELETE' \
     "https://${GAMEFABRIC_URL}/api/formation/v1/environments/${ENV}/vessels/${VESSEL_NAME}" \
     -H "Authorization: Bearer ${GF_API_TOKEN}"
```

This results in your Vessel switching to the Terminating status, and eventually disappearing once the termination process is complete.

### Deleting a Vessel that is part of a Formation

> Vessels that are part of a Formation are managed by that Formation. To remove such a Vessel, remove it from the Formation's `vessels` list using a JSON Patch request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vessels that are part of a Formation are managed by that Formation. To remove such a Vessel, remove it from the Formation's `vessels` list using an HTTP PATCH request.
```

or 

```suggestion
Vessels that are part of a Formation are managed by that Formation. To remove such a Vessel, remove it from the Formation's `vessels` list using a HTTP PATCH request.
```

Since HTTP is kind of obvious IMO. But specifying JSON, I don't see why we'd need to do that, unless there are multiple request formats and this is the only one allowed for this endpoint specifically?

Author: All patches can be JSON or Merge patches. This specifically is a JSON patch, given by the Content-Type
